{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 How does the donation process work?
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Donors contact us through our info-AT-biolinkdepot.org address or fill out the Donor Form. We monitor this email and respond within hours or same day. Donors describe the donation to us. We will accept most lab supplies that can be re-purposed for high school, community colleges and universities.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Where are you located?
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 We have two locations. Please contact us before arriving or arranging deliveries:
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 1. Our main donation Center: 9235 San Leandro Street, Oakland, CA 94603
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 2. South Bay Depot Annex: 12345 El Monte Road, Building 5999, Los Altos Hills, CA 94022\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 What types of equipment and supplies do you accept?
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 The answer is a huge variety of equipment and supplies. The following is only a partial list:
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Consumables: We can accept consumables such as non-robotic pipette tips (1000uL, 200uL, 20uL and 10uL. ), filtration products, microplates, microscope slides, specialty glass, plastic bottles/vials and many other items.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Equipment: We can accept equipment such as hot plates, stirring motors, centrifuges, microscopes, shakers, water baths, vortexes, power supplies, pipettors , biosafety cabinets, autoclaves and many others. Equipment must be in working order.
\f1\fs24  
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 We can also accept furniture such as lab benches and lab chairs.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Can I donate broken equipment?
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Generally speaking, we cannot accept broken equipment. There may be some situations (i.e. microscope parts) or minor repair (ie: cord replacements).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Do you accept chemicals and reagents?
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 We cannot accept chemicals and reagents. You may contact the teacher-run Google Group: The Chemical Exchange Network.
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Where will my donations go?
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 The Depot intends to provide the donated items to education institutions (K-12, community colleges, 4-year colleges, and universities) for use in education and research. Material that the Depot is unable to provide to education institutions in a timely manner, may be sold, recycled or discarded by the Depot.
\f1\fs24 \
}